it's always seemed to me that fossils
are some of the most romantic things on
this planet I mean if you came because a
pebble like this for example and you
just happened to knock it with your
geological hammer which happened to be
around at the time but if you just hit
it with a hammer and spit it and it
opened like that wouldn't you think that
was remarkable and that hasn't seen the
light of day for 400 million years and
you're the first person ever the kept
eyes on isn't that the most romantic
thing ever
I certainly find it so when I lived in
in Leicester when I was a boy I wouldn't
find Tyla bites like that but you did
find things like this this actually
comes from Kimmage but they're ammonites
and I collected them and I would be off
on my bicycle and sitting around in
disuse encore is just knocking rocks and
they come in all different kinds and
sizes and actually this particular piece
is are interesting because if you turn
it over and see the outside of the shell
of a some pretty enormous one that these
others somehow or other got stuck inside
it so um fossils for me have always been
thrilling and I don't make his programs
out of some kind of proselytizing view
that a people ought to be in Sidon I do
because I'm in Sidon and it gives me a
huge pleasure and I think other people
can get pleasure from it too because
it's very cool I definitely have loved
the David Attenborough ya know like I
don't know why you wouldn't love David
Attenborough